[OCPBUGS#85487]: Added_bestEffortDeleteIgnition_parameter (#111583)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

|platform:
  aws:
    bestEffortDeleteIgnition:

> |This is an optional field. When set to true, it allows the installer to continue the setup even if it fails to delete the bootstrap Ignition files from the S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|An optional flag that determines whether to ignore errors when deleting Ignition objects from the S3 bucket. By default, the installation program fails if it cannot delete the Ignition objects.
```

We should describe the behaviour in general instead of just specifically the "true" case.

> *Value:* `true` or `false`. The default value is `false`, which results in the S3 bucket being deleted.

Reviewer: We also need to update this sentence to reflect the field behaviour. For example:

```suggestion
*Value:* `true` or `false`. The default value is `false`, which causes the installation program to fail on S3 Ignition deletion errors.
```
